HOW TO INSTALL - START


Step 1: Extract from the ZIP's, password is the password!
The ZIP's include the main release (BruceIV-Project64-1.6.2_VERSIONNUMBER-WIPSTATE-WIPVERSION_DATE).zip
The Applications bundle Apps.zip
And the executables bundle that come in main release exes.zip. *See Step 3.

Step 2:
Run Exception.bat with admin priviledge if you have windows
defender (some PC's don't in which case the file will not have any effect).
^
To confirm you have an exception set for the emulator directory, press your
Win key and type "virus" and press Enter to reach the Virus & threat
protection settings. Click on Manage Settings, scroll down, click on Add or
remove exclusions. Now it will show all locations on your PC which have
exceptions from defender scanning. If you see the path to the emulator
here, it means you have an exception set and Windows Defender will avoid
scanning it so it can function properly. If you have any other apps which
malfunction from the defender, set exceptions for those. Windows Defender
will turn itself back on if you turn it off, so all you can do about this
when it's interefering with safe processes is to set exceptions. It's good
to have it on anyway as it will effectively stop malicious software like
some of the previous installers Zilmar made for his 2.0 Project64 builds.

Step 3:
After setting an exception if necessary, extract the contents of exes.zip
to its existing location (right click->extract here) to fully install it.
Then find the ROM you want to play and right click on it->Open with->Always
open with->Select the Project64.exe application and then just double click
on an N64 ROM (.z64 .n64 .v64 extensions) like that and voila. Make sure to
select plugins from Options->Settings based on the ROM Notes settings tab
or based on your own experience and based on what works with your hardware.
If your GPU supports OpenGL 3.3 or higher, GLideN64 video plugin might work
and if it doesn't support that but does support OpenGL 2.0, Glide64 will
technically work although with some drawbacks compared to other options.
Icepir8's LLE is a modification of Angrylion's RDP Plus so it will be the
most resource expensive video plugin to use and isn't suggested for general
use unless it works particularly good on your machine. I personally prefer
Jabo's Direct3D8 for the games it works with since it has minimum drawbacks.
Refer to the user guide for more detailed information.


HOW TO INSTALL - END



Links:

GitHub Repository:
https://github.com/BruceShankleIV/Project64-1.6.2

ROMhacks Ready to Play in This Emulator:
https://github.com/BruceShankleIV/Project64-1.6.2-ROMhacks-Collection

Zelda64 texture packs:
https://mega.nz/folder/hLB2jI5R#t71whplzD7iMbb3m_YfFSA

If you encounter a bug with the emulator, send me a message on gmail at
bruceiv.shankle@gmail.com or open an issue on GitHub or send me a message
on Discord: discord.gg\cHDxa9vzQM