Disclaimer
-
Before installing Version 1.6.2, please carefully review the following information as described below.



Windows' built-in antivirus can run into false positives and screw up your gaming experience. If you think this is going to be an issue, disable real-time protection under Virus & threat protection settings before installing 1.6.2. After installing 1.6.2 from this InstallerWiz, scroll to the bottom, click "Add or remove exclusions", click "Add an exclusion", click "Folder", then single-click on the Project64 1.6.2 folder and press "Select Folder". Once you have done all that, re-enable real-time protection to turn your antivirus back on.


Avoid loading decompressed ROMs into the emulator or they can misbehave/crash. When I say decompressed I don't mean extracted from a .zip/compression format, but when the .z64/.v64/.n64 file itself has not been compressed.


If you want to play on controller, you may want to enable XInput in the N-Rage input plugin configuration or try the Octomino SDL2 input plugin, but N-Rage is suggested if you can use it as some games can't be emulated properly without it. If you're playing on keyboard, I suggest using N-Rage with F/G keys for real-time range modifiers, otherwise just use Jabo's DirectInput7 if you don't need that.


Project64 1.6 was not originally intended to be used with ROMhacks. If you want to use this emulator with ROMhacks, you may need to use specific ROM settings, update your RDB, or use a specific video plugin. Please see the user guide for more info about this.


If you plan on using this as your main emulator, I strongly suggest right clicking an N64 ROM (.z64, .v64, .n64 files), Open with, make sure "Always use this app to open" is checked, More apps, Look for another app on this PC, and then select the Project64.exe. If you already have a different version of Project64 setup to do this, it might just open up inside of the other version of Project64 instead due to a bug in Windows. To fix this Windows' bug, you can rename the Project64.exe that isn't in the Project64 1.6.2 folder. I also advise right clicking on the Project64 1.6.2 icon in your taskbar and pinning it to the taskbar to quickly launch it.



Assuming you have read all of the above, install Project64 1.6.2 on your PC in a directory that doesn't require admin permissions such as your Desktop and enjoy your gaming! 🎉

