Finale build for my Project64 1.6.2 emulator, a fork of Project64 1.6.1 which has been renamed as "1.6 Plus".
-
https://discord.gg/cHDxa9vzQM Discord Report Center for reporting issues/problems you experience whilst running Project64 1.6.2 to either get fixed in the future, or at least become documented about/recorded.
-
This may be the last build or one of the last builds for a while, hence the name "Finale". I'm also already happy enough with 1.6.2 in its current state, so unless something comes up which I would like to resolve, it may just stay as it is for the time being.
-
To the casual player, download the InstallerWiz. To translators, download the Translator's Sample to make your translation off of (english characters only, delete any lines which mean the same in english/aren't any different in your language). To people with bad PC's who are unable to use more demanding plugins needed to emulate certain graphical effects that aren't handled properly by Jabo's Direct3D8, either upgrade your specs or try out the Bad plugins for bad PC's patch (⚠but beware that these plugins are bad because they are unstable/prone to crashes ⚠).

Legal Disclaimer: "These releases are not authorized by the MIB64 team and violates the licensing of MIB64 and it's associated projects.", this is a troll as I have been following the provided licensing and GitHub's Terms of Service. Please see the file provided in the Project64 1.6.2 package labeled as "Project64 License Agreement + GitHub ToS.txt" for more information about this. Thank you! 🙏

A new document detailing how to develop Project64 1.6 and going over my troubling experience with the MiB/PJ64Team organizations has been released. You may find it down below as a PDF file or view it on Google Docs here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VosUr3DHkhFd6hYRLrwpAtuzDuvYq0zUe2C1rkQ1_xg/edit?usp=sharing

Beware of dumb issues, specifically false positive and DEP interference. Please read the following:

Windows Security's Virus & threat protection can interfere with this installer wizard and potentially Project64.exe itself. I highly suggest disabling real-time protection under Virus & threat protection settings before installing 1.6.2. After installing 1.6.2 from this InstallerWiz, scroll to the bottom, click "Add or remove exclusions", click "Add an exclusion", click "Folder", then single-click on the Project64 1.6.2 folder and press "Select Folder". Once you have done all that, re-enable real-time protection to turn your antivirus back on.

Windows DEP (Data Execution Prevention) can also interfere with Project64.exe by tampering with plugin initialization. If you don't know what that is, don't worry because it should be disabled, and even if you do have DEP enabled it's not going to break Project64, but it will make your life harder.